Confirmation Mail(Live Project) from Dignity Foundation
This short note is to inform our interaction with Dignity Foundation. We had met Mr. Rahul Ursekar(Sr. Programme Manager) and Mr. Nandkumar Patil(Vashi centre CMC) at Lower Parel headquarters of Dignity Foundation. We had discussed the feasibility of such an application and the implication it would have on the society. They had given their inputs and insights on features that would help Dignity Foundation. The NGO gave us the opportunity to conduct any testing related to the application. We said that this application is for our college project, but we would be happy to deploy it for Dignity Foundation. This app is for the welfare of all the elders pan India, and has a talk to us(counselling helpline) which would connect to Dignity Foundation’s helpline. This will help them generate leads and in turn promote their branding with their target audience.
We planned to launch our SmartSeva application on Google Play Store by March 16th at Dignity Foundation centres. This would have been a launch event of our application where Dignity Foundation also presents it to elderly at their centres. Due to the recent ourbreak of Covid-19 and the lockdown of the nation this event couldn’t take place. We would like to inform that they have confirmed their collaboration with us and given below is the confirmation mail from them. The MoU mentioned in the mail is mentioned above this note. Moreover, if there’s any clarification regarding the live project, we would be happy to connect you to them.
We confirm once the outbreak and the lockdown is over, we would connect with them again and conduct the launch event. As a team, we would also give them support until they find a person to take over the project. We are honored and privileged to have collaborated with such an NGO. We believe, as does the NGO that this app is a unique concept to the Indian market and would definitely create an impact in the society.
